Now with the store devtools added, I can also show you another package that might come in handy in some
application
and for that, I quit my ng serve process and again, I will install it with npm install --save
and then it's NgRx, @ngrx/router-store.
Now that's also an official package, part of the NgRx suite and that helps you with reacting to routing
actions.
It basically dispatches some actions automatically based on the Angular router and that would allow
you to then write code in your reducer or with @ngrx/effects that runs when such a routing action occurs.
For that, let me restart ng serve and let me show you how to add this. Now for adding this NgRx router
actions functionality, we will have to add another import unsurprisingly,
where are you again import something from that newly added @ngrx/router-store package and that something
here is the store router connecting module and you add that after your store module and so on,
here you add your store router connecting module. For root, just like this you don't need to pass any
arguments to for root and now with that added, if you save everything and you go back to your application
and let it reload,
now you see there are more actions being dispatched.
We have the router store request, router store navigation and if you have a look at these actions, you
see they have a payload,
for example here for router store navigation, we get the router state, we get the URL we're trying
to navigate to and we get detailed information about our routing action and also once this is done. Now
we don't need this in our application but of course, if you're building an app, this could be convenient
and could give you a quick and easy way of reacting to different routing events and different data attached
to these events.